# service-cloud-connector: configuration guide
###### - Done? Go Back to the [readMe.md](../../README.md) or the [releaseSummary.md](./releaseSummary.md)
**What is the service-cloud-connector?**   
A [Salesforce Labs](https://twitter.com/salesforce_labs?lang=en) project that facilitates an "above the API" integration between Salesforce B2C Commerce and Service Clouds.

## v2.0.1 Release
###### This collection of resolved issues represents the contents of the v2.0.1 release (including links to the issue details).

### Release Summary

The [v2.0.1](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/milestone/1) release focuses on addressing issues related to orchestrating profile changes between Commerce and Service Clouds.  It also addresses issues that prevented all order supplementary details (line items, shipment, and payment details) from being written in Service Cloud.  

### Delivered Issue Details

[Issue 62](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/62) -- __Streamline the deployment package / manifest .xml to the minimal dependencies required by the connector.__
> Installation dependencies that were preventing the installation of the service-cloud-connector in some customer and partner environments have been removed.  This should enable the installation of the service-cloud-connector to successfully complete in a more predictable manner.

[Issue 66](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/66) -- __Include the AccountID and ContactID in the Registration Service REST response -- and extend the Commerce Cloud customer profile to include these values.__
> The CustomerRegistrationService REST response provided by the Service Cloud Connector now includes both the AccountID and ContactID of the PersonAccount representing the Commerce Cloud customer profile.  The ContactID has been added to the customer's profile as a custom property. 

[Issue 67](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/67) -- __Guest Orders are not being attached to a PersonAccount; they're being attached to the Default Account.__
> When a Guest Order is placed, the order will now be initially attributed to the Default Account -- and then attributed to a PersonAccount representing the Commerce Cloud customer that placed the guest checkout order.  The PersonAccount attribution now successfully occurs during a Future trigger while is responsible for resolving the PersonAccount and attributing the order to it.

[Issue 68](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/68) -- __Order Line Items attached to guest Orders are not being captured by Service Cloud when a guest order is initially created.__
> When a Guest Order is placed, the order's line-items are now successfully being captured and recorded in Service Cloud.  Errors occurring during the order and PersonAccount resolution logic were preventing line items from being retrieved from Commerce Cloud and recorded in Service Cloud.  The condition causing these errors has been addressed.

[Issue 71](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/71) -- __Changing a customer's email address in Commerce Cloud does not change it on the corresponding Service Cloud PersonAccount.__
> The service-cloud-connector has been extended to correctly support the changing of a customer's email address from either Commerce or Service Clouds.  Now, changing an email from Commerce Cloud will push that change to Service Cloud.  Similarly, changing a PersonAccount email in Service Cloud will update the corresponding Commerce Cloud customer profile.

[Issue 78](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/78) -- __Add a method to resolve a ServiceCloud PersonAccount from a customer's email / full-name -- or create one if no PersonAccount exists for that customer in Service Cloud.__ 
> A new REST Service has been added which will attempt to resolve a PersonAccount in Service Cloud driven by the service parameters.  If a PersonAccount is resolved, the account details are returned.  If no account is resolved -- then a stub-account is created using the service parameters.

[Issue 88](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/88) -- __The service-cloud-connector does not scope addresses by PersonAccount before processing changes driven by Commerce Cloud.__
> Changes made to customer specific address book addresses were not being scoped by their parent PersonAccount in Service Cloud.  As a result, it was possible for address changes to be made to an address with the same name -- but belonging to another PersonAccount. 

[Issue 92](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/92) -- __Service Cloud address field mapping properties are missing state and country fields from the address definition.__
> The address book field mappings were currently missing the definitions for state and country.  As a result, these values were being omitted when address books synchronization took place.  The field mappings for state and country are now included in the post-installation script. 

[Issue 96](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/96) -- __Address book changes via the SFRA address book do not trigger profile synchronization updates in Service Cloud.__
> The SFRA plugin for the service-cloud-connector did not support monitoring address-book changes from within My Account.  The plugin has been extended to trigger profile synchronization between Commerce and Service Clouds when a customer modifies an address book address.

[Issue 97](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/97) -- __Guest orders and registered customer orders placed using the same email address are not resolving to the same PersonAccount.__
> The activity of placing a guest checkout order followed by a separate customer registration would produce two PersonAccount instances in Service Cloud; one for the guest check-out and one for the registration event.  Now, the registration event correctly attempts to resolve if an un-registered PersonAccount already exists for that customer -- and uses that for registration instead of creating a new one.

[Issue 98](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/service-cloud-connector/issues/98) -- __Extend the Service Cloud service-implementation to support site-specific service configurations.__
> The service-cloud-connector's Service Cloud service definitions need to be manually modified to support multiple instances in a Commerce Cloud storefront.  The service definitions have been implemented with a siteId-driven naming convention which enables site-specific services pointing to different Service Cloud environments (ex. multiple development sandboxes).  This is the first step in supporting multiple Commerce Cloud sites.
